-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1



             The Honeynet Project   
             http://project.honeynet.org


Included in this package are three sources of data.  These
were the sources of data used for analysis by the Honeynet Project.  
We have attempted best as possible to record every probe, attack and 
exploit over an eleven month period, while minimizing data pollution.


The Data:
- - ---------

 alert.uniq - The firewall logs, contains 11 months of data
 hacked.txt - Documentation on what and when Honeynet systems were 
              compromised
 snort      - Directory contain 11 months of snort alerts



1. alert.uniq
- - -------------
This single ASCII text file was used by the Honeynet firewall
to log every unqiue inbound scan or probe.  Everytime a source
IP address sent inbound packets into the Honeynet, the first inbound 
packet within a 24 hour period was logged to the file alert.uniq.  If a 
system sent one packet or 10,000 within 24 hours, only the first
packet was logged.  The purpose of this log file is for trend 
analysis, to see what systems are scanning what services and when.  This 
data will not tell us everything about the blackhat community, but it 
does give us a unique perspective.  

Data from April, 2000 to February, 2001 was collected.  Note, there
are some periods when the firewall was not logging inbound scans, 
specifically the month of July, 2000.  Also, starting in Nov 2000, 
NetBios Scans were no longer logged.  The majority of source IPs 
are stored using the systems fully qualified domain name.  The Honeynet 
Project no longer archives data in this format, instead we only archive 
data using the systems IP address.  Remeber, this data came from a Honeynet, 
all inbound traffic is both captured and suspect by nature.  This helps 
reduce both false positives and false negatives.  For more information 
on this data collected, please refer to the following: 

 Firewall log data capture - http://www.enteract.com/~lspitz/intrusion.html
 Honeynet data capture     - http://project.honeynet.org/papers/honeynet/


2.  hacked.txt
- - --------------
This file documents what systems where compromised when.  Not
every single compromise is documented, we believe there are
one to three undocumented compromises (we detected and captured
the comprises, they just were not documented).  Also, once a system
was compromsied, it was usually left online for one to three
weeks for continued monitoring.  Last, there are several time
periods where there was no active honeypot online.

This file documents systems compromised between April and December
of 2000.  This file does not document systems compromised for January
and February of 2001.


3. Snort
- - --------
This directory contains eleven ASCII text files.  Each file represents the 
snort alerts for the respective month.  This gives us more data on what the
blackhat community is doing.  This was the data set used for Early Warning
and Prediction testing.  Keep in mind, the Honeynet has no production 
systems, so all activity is suspect by nature.  This helps reduce false 
positives.  For more information on Snort and how it was used for data 
capture, please refer to the following:

 Snort                 - http://www.snort.org
 Honeynet data capture - http://project.honeynet.org/papers/honeynet/



                 The Honeynet Project
                 <project@honeynet.org>




-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: PGP 6.5.8

iQA/AwUBO1uaO7nbVq6mj+JXEQJ77QCgu21PK6Bp0wNvzMbSkI/hEjhRoHUAoLoh
EGdJkIoX3sBcp7OO4PLXncdg
=IeLY
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
